#Project 1  
This folder contains all of the files except data for Project 1.  
Code contains all code.    
Docs contains the data dictionary, the data analysis plan and any additional miscellaneous documentation.   
Reports contains outputted results and analysis.  

**Study Description**:  The data for this project come from the Childhood Asthma Management Program (CAMP), a clinical trial carried out in children with asthma. The trial was designed to determine the long-term effects of 3 treatments (budesonide, nedocromil, or placebo) on pulmonary function as measured by normalized FEV1 over a 5-6.5 year period. The design of CAMP was a multicenter, masked, placebo-controlled, randomized trial. A total of 685 children (210 in the budesonide group, 210 in the nedocromil group and 275 in the placebo group) aged 5-12 years were enrolled between December of 1993 and September of 1995. The primary outcome of the trial was lung function as measured by the Forced Expiratory Volume at 1 second (FEV1).  Secondary outcomes were bronchial responsiveness to methacholine, need for beclomethasone due to asthma symptoms, termination of assigned treatment due to cessation of symptoms, and as Asthma morbidity (frequency and severity of asthma symptoms, frequency and magnitude of PEFR measurements less than 80% of personal best, prn use of supplemental inhaled albuterol, nocturnal awakenings, days of limited activity, and absences from school, courses of steroids).  
**Study Question**: The investigators want to know whether either treatment improves FEV1 or any of the secondary outcomes and whether the treatment is less effective for the children who  have parents that smoke at home.  
 